piccadilly presents the experience of
comfort
women look more beautiful with
to respond to this
question, we gathered a team of
professionals
the fashion photographer a makeup artist a
stylist twin models
and the pica collection of the twins were
produced with the same look with the same
makeup and went to the streets where
went through the same situations
the only difference between them is comfort
half wore the piccadilly shoes at
other half common shoes the twins
were clicked at the beginning and along the
day a survey showed the photos for
several groups that answered the question
Which of the twins do you think is more?
beautiful
the result despite being identical 90
percent chose the twins who
were using piccadilly as the most
beautifuls
what is happening with the
feet and influences the rest of the body
knows that something more that leaves
beautiful women
responsible for the comfort of the shoes
only in piccadilly the only brand that has the
technician
the set of four technologies
exclusive and more than twenty differentials
comfort could make the experience
comfort
saw how beautiful people think
women who are comfortable
meet the new collection choose your pike
him and live this experience
access public helipad com.br
I used the shoe that was not from
piccadilly and spent money with pain in the
But even bull is showing the bubbles well.
uncomfortable
Give me a headache, I'll give it to you.
an environment
I wore his shoe and it's like
if I had tennis all day I
I got home and it did not even seem like I
I walk around, I feel more tired.
during the day the pachuca even in the imt dor
I used that makes piccadilly the day
whole experience was an incredible experience.
because it is really difficult to find a
Comfortable shoe on the market